Lord Dragon Emperor Ye Xiu has already told
I can follow the Dragon Emperor
It is the honor of my lifetime
Tang will be in the Qing room in the future
It must be the life of the Dragon Real Madrid Head
from
I am no longer the Dragon Emperor
Just call me Brother Xiao
It's Brother Xiao, I heard
Ye Xiu spent 10 billion
Bought a Wancheng Trading Center
It's irrelevant now
It's Brother Xiao, do you have tea leaves?
I don't like trouble
Just take care of me
And
Nothing special.
Leave me alone
It's our business center.
Recently, I am taking a test for an admissions attraction project
You as
Can't you understand human language?
Brother Xiao understands
Do you want to try this?
Is it delicious?
Good news. Good news.
Is it because I'm back?
narcissism
Watch the news
Something big happened at Li Xiangqin's house last night
Their house was shut down overnight
Li Xiangqin is dead
Huang Song is also dead
That woman usually does multiple ends
Finally, someone can take care of him
I said I would protect you and your daughter
Do you mean that Li Jiangqin's death is related to you?
How is that possible?
If you were really that capable
Why don't you come back to us?
As the saying goes, where have you been all these years?
I thank you, actually.
Hello grandpa Sun Wanqiu
Is that trash Xiao Chen back?
Tell him to come to me immediately